okay. Owning and renting a house. Um, I can tell you, it's It's if you
have the wherewithal to Oh, the house. That's great. Are you gonna
be moving? You can't count on home. Steady. You? Even though the Navy
is pushing homesteading right now, you may or may not be living Where
War What? Your house. So that you could have written if you're comfortable
with, then, Yeah, that. You know, I was told as a ship driver,
sooner or later I would always go back to Awful, uh, Newport,
Rhode Island. Well, I knew board. Well, Farm had division, officer,
department, exit CEO, school is there. And the war colleges there. So
you could do a lot of tours in Newport, so makes sense to buy it.
You know, um, it can be done if you want. I want watch your personal
finances on that one. Although right now I'm sitting here making this,
You know, there's a 30 year low in the mortgage rates, so that's
phenomenal. Is that gonna last way? No. No, Never. So if you can Yeah,
Advisor, I would advise doing it because you have a house to sell
off late, right? You can always sell it, But you also have a house
to live in your heart.